# Feedback
Here is some feedback, implement fixes in the best way you see fit. If there is any unclarity, ask questions before proceeding. If the change is applicable to other parts of the app (Such as a universal change like changing a textbox or a repeated UI), apply the change to wherever necessary.
- Move the weather and time icon to the top of the shell, and then display all the nav icons below it
- In the login screen, the grey hitbox for "continue with google" and "create account" is slightly off-center, as in they extend a few pixels too high above the text. 
- Add the star icon in the to-do list on the right side. it should replace where the date is right now. Move the date down below the task title (like before), but instead now, if the task is both a date and subtasks, then first display the date, then the amount of subtasks (in the Y : X format). If there are only subtasks, then it should be just the Y : X format, and if there is only a date then it should show only the date. Ensure that this updates so that if a task where to have a date, then i were to add a subtask, the bottom would update accordingly and the subtask count would shift over to make space for the date.
- I like the current animation for the task being completed, but I don't like how it first instantly teleports to the "completed" section, then does it's animation. When you mark a task done, I want the animation to play, then it should move back to the completed section. Also, could you add an animation where the text is crossed out by a line that extends from the checkbox?
- When you hover over the button to manage journal names or todo list names or manage an individual list/journal in their respective settings, the text and the textbox that appears when you hover over the button are both very light, so it is hard to read. Ensure this text box follows the same theme as the rest of the app.
	- The menu that pops up to edit an individual list/journal is not the same theme as the rest of the app. Update it to be more like the other dropdown menus with rounded corners (And any other theme changes)
- Once you create a new journal or a new to do list, the color isn't randomly assigned, it is still assigned to the default accent color. Fix this. If there is color A, B, C, and i have one journal that is color B, then the next journal I create will either be at random color A or color C. When all colors are used, add all colors back to the "pool" and select another random color from scratch.
	- Currently i think you select the next chronological color, make it random instead
- When creating a new journal or list you should also be simultaneously prompted for a color too. This color is the same randomly selected color, so if the user only puts in a title, they will de-facto get the random color. 
- The same menu criticism above (Not same theme, too light text and textbox background color, etc) apply to the weather icon menu too. Additionally this icon should be automatically added by a weather API
- When I hover over the "new journal" button, my cursor does not change, when if i hover any other button my cursor will change to the hand indicating that the button can be pressed. Make sure the cursor updates when hovering the "new journal" button too
- When I type in the wrong password I'm prompted with an "internal error" message. Change this message so that it better reflects the actual error
- In the body of the journal, once you focus on it to type, the background is highlighted slightly with the accent color, remove that highlight so that the only indication of the focus is the outer border turning into the color of the accent
- The completed section of the to-do list has text that is too far to the left, so that the word "completed" touches the grey hitbox, add consistent spacing to the left of the word "completed"
- In the calendar section, scale down the calendar and add a smaller calendar that shows the entire month (and any other days around it, to make a fully completed calendar with 6 rows always, except the days that are needed to fill in the 6 row calendar but are not part of the current month will be slightly greyed out)
	- By clicking on a date on this smaller calendar, you will be brought to view that specific day, hour by hour (This will replace the full-sized calendar), and by clicking the same date again you will be brought back to view the full-sized calendar. So this whole time, the smaller calendar should never be hidden. 
	- Place the smaller calendar to the right of the nav shell, but to the left of the full-sized calendar.
- In the calendar, move the date so that that it is in the center of the box, not to the left. Additionally make the day font slightly larger. 
- To indicate the current day in the calendar, add a colored in circle around the date that is the accent color. This applies to both the smaller and larger calendar.
- Change the time that is shown throughout the app to always be 12 hours, never 24.
- There should be more spacing between the password input box and the "forget password" button
	- Also on the sign in page the text boxes interact differently. On the rest of the app, a text box has it's title, like "Email" or "Password" in the middle of the text box (Where you would write), and once you focus in on the textbox it moves up to the top of the text box so you can write, but in the sign in page it does not do that. Make it so that it also incorporates the text in the middle of the textbox, moving up to make space when focused.
- When editing the color of the journals, you don't allow for repeats by crossing out colors that have already been used. Remove the cross and let users freely repeat colors.
- For some reason if I edit a journal entry, then create a new entry, the new entry is created but I am still viewing the old entry (The one I have edited), then when I create a third entry, I am automatically taken to the new entry, fix this
	- Also whenever I create another entry in the same minute, make every new entry rise to the top of the journal stack, instead of sometimes being second, to another entry that has been created in the same minute
- If i take a task in the to-do list and create a subtask and click enter, I am immediately unfocused from the subtask text box and I must re-click the text box to be in focus and type another subtask. Change it so that the text box remains in focus.
- If I edit a task that has already been created in the to-do list and change it's title to nothing, for some reason the title is set to "=". Change this behavior so that when the title is set to an empty field, the user is prompted first if they want to delete the task, then if they click yes, delete the task, if they click no, then revert the task title back to it's original title
- Instead of the current implementation of subtasks, where by adding a subtask the "notes" section gets smaller as the subtask is added above the input text box, make the "notes" section smaller, then move the input text box for the subtasks right below it. Then whenever a subtask is added, it will be added below the input text box and the notes section.
- Whenever the user presses "enter" when focused on a task (by clicking it and opening the panel on the right), such as when editing the title or the notes or by adding a subtask, the task should be updated on the main view (in the middle of the screen) to reflect the panel on the right
- In the yearly view of the calendar, add the full name of each month, do not number them. Additionally, using the same small calendar that is now displayed when in the monthly view, display that in each box for each month
- On the analytics page, the graph curves out the datapoints, but it is not monotonic so the graph goes below the min and above the max, fix this so that it IS monotonic (Stays within the min and max)
- When you create a new journal, the new journal should automatically be opened (Apply this to wherever necessary. E.g. To-do lists)
- I told you to add a flag to the top right of a journal entry's title to signify which journal it is in. Currently the flag is always blue, it does not reflect the journal's color (Ensure that all the colors are reflected, even if a journal is created, a color assigned, a journal entry created, and the color of the journal changed, then all previous journals should also still change colors to reflect that), and it is not fitting in properly with the title text box. Additionally add a small UI element, so that when you click the flag, you can choose to move a journal entry into another journal
- In the journal UI, there is the word "Title" above the title text box, remove this and make it like the other text boxes where the word "Title" will be INSIDE of the text box, and then once the user focuses on the text box, it will move to the top to allow the user to write. Keep the body the way it is though (Where it says "Start writing ..." and it disappears once text is inputted)
- In the journal UI, on the left side where all the other journal entries are shown, the title text is slightly larger than the body text, but now make the body text also a little bit darker, so that the title pops out and you can read through the titles easier (Do not make the body as dark as the date and time however)
- Add an option to delete journal entries 
- When changing the date of a journal entry, the UI shows both the date and the clock, implement the same when assigning a date to a task
	- Also make the clock in the UI bigger, currently it feels a little squished. Do this by removing the "Select hour" or "select minute" textbox and making the clock take up the extra space. Also feel free to make the popup wider if the clock needs extra space horizontally
- Ensure that new tasks in a to-do list appear at the top, not the bottom (Although they should still appear below starred tasks)
- Allow tasks in the to-do list to be dragged around and re-ordered. This includes starred tasks, so if i were to drag a starred task below an unstarred task, it would effectively then become ordered like a non-starred task (Aka moved down when a new task is added). Although  if i were to move a starred task around at the top where there are only starred tasks, any new tasks should still appear below the first bunch of starred tasks
	- So when adding a new task, it goes down from the top task, and immediately when it encounters a non-starred task, it will place itself above that task